docs(llmq): v19 changes in DIPs (#122)
dashpay/dips: dip-0006.md

In this phase, the members of the new quorum are determined. This process is fully deterministic and results in exactly the same list seen by all members and observers.

1. Retrieve the deterministic masternode list which is valid at quorumHeight

> 2. If llmqType is the once for Platform use, keep only the HPMNs.

Reviewer: We may want to simply use the masternode type in places like this. Otherwise we have to define HPMN in all docs.
```suggestion
2. If llmqType is the one for Platform use, keep only masternodes of type 1.
```

| quorumSig | BLSSig | 96 | Recovered threshold signature
| sig | BLSSig | 96 | Aggregated BLS signatures from all included commitments

> Starting from v19, `quorumPublicKey` will be serialised using basic BLS scheme.

Reviewer: Is it starting with v19 or with v19 fork activation?

> To support sync of old chain,`version` field indicates which scheme to use for serialisation of `quorumPublicKey`.

Reviewer: Maybe smth like this
```suggestion
The `version` field indicates which scheme to use for `quorumPublicKey` serialisation so the existing chain containing keys serialised with the legacy scheme can continue to be synced properly.
```

| quorumSig | BLSSig | 96 | Recovered threshold signature
| sig | BLSSig | 96 | Aggregated BLS signatures from all included commitments

> After v19 fork activation, `quorumPublicKey`, `quorumSig` and `sig` will be serialised using basic BLS scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After v19 fork activation, `quorumPublicKey`, `quorumSig` and `sig` will be serialised using the basic BLS scheme.
```
